[FIX] - Empty links "Polkadot Protocol" section (#195)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: polkadot-protocol/basics/blocks-transactions-fees/fees.md

The Polkadot SDK provides block authors with several ways to manage access to resources and to prevent individual components of the chain from consuming too much of any single resource. Two of the most important mechanisms available to block authors are weights and transaction fees.

> [Weights](/polkadot-protocol/basics/blocks-transactions-fees/fees/){target=\_blank} manage the time it takes to validate a block and characterize the time it takes to execute the calls in the block's body. By controlling the execution time a block can consume, weights set limits on storage input, output, and computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Weights](/polkadot-protocol/glossary/#weight){target=\_blank} manage the time it takes to validate a block and characterize the time it takes to execute the calls in the block's body. By controlling the execution time a block can consume, weights set limits on storage input, output, and computation.
```

mmm this is linking to the page it's on, let's update this to the glossary
